Add basic end-to-end tests and in-memory DNS provider for libdns (#189)
libdns/libdns: e2e/README.md

## Usage

```go
import "github.com/libdns/libdns/e2e"

// Most providers (without ZoneLister)
suite := e2e.NewRecordTestSuite(provider, "test-zone.com.")
suite.RunRecordTests(t)

// Full providers (with ZoneLister)
suite := e2e.NewFullTestSuite(provider, "test-zone.com.")
suite.RunFullTests(t) // runs ListZones + all record tests
```

## Custom Record Types

Providers may have custom record implementations with additional fields:

```go
type MyRecord struct {
    libdns.RR
    Extra string `json:"extra"` // Provider-specific field
}

func (r MyRecord) RR() libdns.RR { return r.RR }

// Configure custom record constructor
suite := e2e.NewRecordTestSuite(provider, "test-zone.com.")
suite.AppendRecordFunc = func(rr libdns.RR) libdns.Record {
    return MyRecord{
        RR:    rr,
        Extra: "pretty please", // Provider-specific data
    }
}
suite.RunRecordTests(t)
```

## Test Coverage

- **ListZones**: Lists available zones (FullProvider only)
- **GetRecords**: Retrieves records from a zone  
- **AppendRecords**: Creates new records (uses `test-append*` names)
- **SetRecords**: Creates/updates/deletes records by (name,type), preserves unrelated records (uses `test-set*` names)

> - **DeleteRecords**: Creates then deletes records (uses `test-delete*` names) 

Reviewer: I'd slightly prefer using a description list here. There's no dedicated Markdown syntax for this, but embedding the HTML in Markdown works fine:

```markdown
<dl>
<dt>head 1
<dd>description 1
<dt>head 2
<dd>description 2
</dl>
```

But this is a _weird_ preference, so feel free to ignore :)

Author: Thanks, updated formatting

> For **real DNS providers**, use dedicated test zones since tests create/modify/delete DNS records.

Reviewer: I think that we should use stronger language here (feel free to reword however you want)

```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> Running these tests will **delete all records** currently in the zone, so you should **only** run the tests on dedicated test zones.
```

Even if only `test-*` records are modified, I'd still prefer to warn against all records in case we ever change something (or add a bug).
